...
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Now a young man
who is attracting
a great deal of attention.
a very talented young singer.
and I think you're going to be
hearing a lot about him.
Let's welcome Mr. Ken Colman!
Here he is!
[applause]
[♪♪♪]
♪ Blackbird. blackbird
♪ Singing the blues all day
♪ Right outside my door
♪ Blackbird. blackbird
♪ Why do you sit and stare?
♪ There really isn't
any sunshine in store ♪
♪ All through the winter
you hung around ♪
♪ Makes me kinda feel
homeward bound ♪
♪ Blackbird. blackbird
♪ Gotta be on my way
♪ Where there's sunshine...
[sighs]
I love this picture.
[sighs heavily]
You were the best. Pop.
You did the best you could.
[sniffles]
God. I miss you.
I'm gonna make you proud. Dad.
♪ ...Homeward bound
♪ Blackbird. blackbird
♪ Gotta be on my way
♪ Where there's sunshine
galore ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Pack up
all my care and woes ♪
♪ Here I go. singin' low
♪ Bye. bye. blackbird
♪ Where somebody waits for me
♪ Sugar's sweet. so is she
♪ Bye. bye. blackbird
♪ No one here can love
or understand me ♪
♪ Oh. what hard-luck stories
they all hand me ♪
♪ Make my bed
and light the lights ♪
♪ I'll be home late tonight
♪ Blackbird
here we go right now! ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Pack up all my care and woe
♪ Here I go. swingin' low...
...To be... to be a star.
is so hard.
[seatbelt clicks]
Sometimes. it has to happen to you
when you're very young.
I'm not doing this to be a star.
I just want to sing.
Why?
'Cause I've been feeling this...
Since I was five years old.
I've wanted to sing.
You always made me so scared to even try.
How come you didn't let me know?
Because when I sang for you.
you told me never do it.
"It's too hard.
Rejection's horrible."
Maybe don't tell 'em what I said to you...
But it's because
I've watched so many singers.
great singers.
die broken-hearted.
So many singers.
I hit a lot of triples and doubles.
I never hit a home run.
Sure. I've been in all the wonderful...
Johnny Carson. Merv Griffin. Mike Douglas.
Midnight Special. Lou Rawls. Steve Allen.
I've done 'em all.
But you've got to hit the one
with the home run.
[♪♪♪]
[Ken Colman]: In '59.=
I went to New York.
I had an urge to sing...
[applause]
[♪♪♪]
Much like my son does now.
A few months later. I was
singing at the Flamingo Hotel
in Las Vegas...
♪ Summertime
♪ And the living is easy
♪ Fish are jumpin'
♪ And the cotton is high...
From that point on.
I was in show business.
I loved it.
The girls. great dancers from Paris.
they're hanging out
with the singer in the lounge.
I had a good time.
♪ One of these mornings
♪ You're gonna
rise up singin' ♪
♪ Then you'll spread
your wings ♪
♪ And you'll take to the sky
♪ But till that moment comes
♪ Nothing's ever gonna
harm you ♪
♪ Momma and Daddy
standin' by... ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ I look over Jordan
and who do I see ♪
♪ Coming for
to carry me home? ♪
♪ Yes. a band of angels
coming after me ♪
♪ Coming for to carry me home
♪ Swing low. sweet chariot...
Beautiful singing. Kenny.
[sighs]
In fact. Frank Sinatra praised it
as "Glorious singing.
a loving experience.
totally musical."
What did it mean to you
to hear those words from him?
I'm glad he took my advice
and wrote what I told him to write.
[laughter]
♪ Fly me to the moon
♪ Let me swing
among the stars ♪
♪ Let me see
what spring is like ♪
♪ On Jupiter and Mars...
Do you want me to be
in the room with you at all?
[chuckling] No.
I've gotta hear some of it.
The first 15 minutes. and then you leave.
What are you going to sing?
"Always on My Mind."
Willie Nelson song?
Michael Bublé.
Willie Nelson did it first.
Well. I know that.
I like the Bublé arrangement better...
I'm an older guy. I like the older singer.
I like Willie Nelson.
That's good.
What's the other one?
"You Are So Beautiful."
Thanks very much.
You're beautiful. too.
The dog is beautiful.
I love this dog.
Ah. show business.
Like. I wouldn't want my son
to go into this business
unless he himself made that desire.
I would not encourage it.
A lot of heartache.
You saw what I've been through in my life.
It's not easy.
I know that.
It's a bloody tough fuckin' business.
I'll tell you that.
When you see me. you see
the finished product.
That's not the way it is.
It took me years to be able
to rehearse a band.
So you wanna do it
in a five-minute caption.
Ain't gonna happen.
I know it's gonna take time...
You're gonna find out if you can sing.
I know it's gonna take time.
I understand that.
And you love to do it.
The bottom line is you gotta have passion.
Well. I have passion. that's for sure.
When you hear a chord Cecile lays down.
you have to come in right.
You've gotta hear it.
If you have pitch problems.
which you have a little bit of a problem...
Thanks for pointing that out. Dad.
You have to get that...
You have to nail it.
'cause when you walk on that stage.
you don't have a second chance.
That's why I'm coming here.
There's nothing like
a well-rehearsed ad-lib.
It ain't easy.
I know that.
But when you sing.
and you have great musicians.
and the audience is there.
and the sound is good.
and the ambience is right.
and you're ready.
it's a fuckin' trip. man.
That's what I wanna do...
It's a beautiful trip.
it's like an orgasm.
♪ Swing low. sweet chariot
♪ Coming for to carry me home
♪ Coming for
to carry me home... ♪
So are you gonna be
in the room the whole time?
No. I'll just start you off.
I'll let you alone with the vocal coach.
She's wonderful.
Her name is...
'Cause you're a little bit
of a control freak.
so maybe you should be...
Am I like that?
Uh. yeah. I think so.
Nah...
Mm-hmm.
Maybe you should go in another room...
Incompetent people hate me.
Somebody told me that.
Anyway. I'm so glad
you're here visiting me.
your old man.
I love you.
I love you more than death.
I love you. too.
Wait what did I say?
I love you more than life.
Always encouraging...
My God.
It's a long way to Tipperary.
I know this is a crap..
Crap shoot.
and it's just kind of
a crazy dream of mine.
but I think the biggest reason I'm here
is just to be able
to spend time with my dad.
I know. uh. you know...
I don't know how much longer
I have with him.
And so I resented him a lot for leaving.
and I didn't get to see him
as much growing up...
He didn't understand my zeal.
...So I think this is
making up for lost time.
Singing was...
I guess I put it ahead of my family...
I think I put it ahead of my family.
'cause I had to do it.
In retrospect. I think
I would have zeroed in more...
I think I would have...
It's hard for me even
to fight with myself now.
Like. would I do it again?
Cecile.
How are you?
Nice to meet you.
Chase.
Hi. Chase.
Nice to meet you. too.
Hi. Cecile LaRochelle.
Hi.
Do we have any kids?
Yeah. we might. you know.
Just let her hear you sing. Chase...
Okay.
...and then
she'll get a feel
for what your potential is.
Okay.
Bottom line is. just tell a story.
Don't think...
Just think of the lyrics
of what you're saying.
Okay.
When you do that. you convey a message.
It's not how hard.
or long. or hard you sing.
It's how you feel.
I think when you become totally familiar
with the athletic.
physical engagement of your body
in producing sound.
like. how it works exactly.
then you know it's gonna work. and then...
[Chase]: I'm just using
a little part of my...
[Kenny]: You mean the body
will accelerate the feeling?
The body does...
the body is the machine.
When when you're.
♪ Da-da-da-da...
When you get it...
It does what it's told to do.
once it's been trained to do it.
just like any athlete.
[Kenny]: Like. you don't
sing like this...
[Chase]: Dad. you
gotta let her talk.
[Kenny]:
Oh. I'm sorry.
[laughs]
So just consider yourself
an athlete in training.
You wanna be a singer. right?
Yeah.
Show me.
[Cecile]: And do you
hear that well enough?
Yeah.
[piano accompaniment]
♪ Maybe I didn't treat you
[♪♪♪]
♪ Quite as good
as I should have ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Maybe I didn't love you
♪ Quite as often
as I could have... ♪
♪ Give me...
♪ Give me one more chance
♪ To keep you satisfied
♪ Satisfied...
That-that's...
Not bad?
That's beautiful.
[Cecile]:
That was beautiful.
Should we stop it. or...
That's all you gotta do. Chase.
Look what he's gonna end up looking like.
[chuckles]
You look pretty good. too. Kenny.
For an old guy.
Thank you very much for your time.
Thank you.
That was fun.
I remember he would drive from Vancouver
all the way to California
to see me play football.
I remember singing for him when I was 18.
I'd practice and practice.
and I recorded it.
and I played it for him.
He was in Canada.
I was in California. I think.
and I played it.
and there was a long pause.
and I said. "Well. what do you think?
Tell me. do you think I could do this?
Is there potential?
Be honest."
He said.
"Oh. you are so lucky."
I said. "Why?
What do you mean?"
"You can't sing."
You don't have to worry about bills.
rejection.
trying to find a gig.
"You are so lucky."
So. I would always try to sing for him.
and he would always say.
"Ah. you just don't have it.
You know what.
when I first started
I just had it. you know.
I just...
It's a natural gift."
So he would always
make me feel like crap about it.
Is summer over?
[groaning]
- I really learned a lot today.
- That's good.
I learned how bad I've been practicing.
[Kenny]: What did you learn?
I just said it.
Yeah. I have so much to practice.
This is...
it's like a golf swing.
How are you gonna put
together 12 or 15 songs?
First. like I said.
I have to learn one song.
One...
One at a time.
I have to learn how to sing.
You picked a hell of a time
to pursue your dream.
Why do you keep saying that?
It doesn't...
I would have been...
I mean. I don't think there's any age.
It's never too late.
I have reached the top of real estate.
I'm the best at my dream job.
I gave it up to even try this.
It sounds stupid...
Money is such a necessary thing.
Now. that does sound stupid.
especially if you say you know
you're not gonna make money at it.
I want you to... to show some...
show some balls when you sing.
But it wasn't about...
Dad. it was about trying
to just even hit the note.
[Lily]: Next time
you shouldn't go to the next lesson.
I told her that.
I might let him go by himself.
Yeah.
If you're gonna be a singer.
show business is your life.
You wanted it. it's all yours.
Practice. practice.
Wanna walk across here or go around?
That's hard to...
Let's walk around.
Yeah.
Try not to say too much
while I'm singing. okay?
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
Okay.
[singing descending notes]
♪ Ma-Ma-Ma-Ma-Ma...
♪ Someday
♪ When I'm awfully low
[humming along]
♪ When the world is cold
♪ I will feel aglow
♪ Just thinking of you
Mm-hmm.
♪ And the way you look tonight
A little better?
[Cecile]:
Very nice.
Timid.
You're a man.
Sing the song like a man. not-not...
You sound timid.
Understood?
Well. I feel timid. 'cause I'm not...
I'm telling you straight...
[Cecile]: We have to
make a choice here.
My objective is not the same
as yours right now.
I don't want him singing out like that.
I want him exploring this machine...
I didn't say anything about singing out.
Kenny. trust me a little bit...
Well. trust me.
We'll get him there...
I've been there. I've been there.
I know.
You-you... Just don't sing...
Sing like you're singing
to a chick or something.
Just sing the song like you...
Take charge! Own it!
♪ With a chick-chick here
♪ A chick-chick there
♪ Here a chick
♪ There a chick
♪ Everywhere a chick-chick
♪ Old MacDonald had a farm
♪ E-I-E-I-O!
Sing it. sing it. sing it.
I just sang it for three hours.
You've got the keys. Lily?
Yeah.
[Ken sings]
♪ Oh. the... good life
♪ Full of fun
♪ Seems to be...
That sounds good.
♪ ...The ideal
No. the voice...
Keep going. let me hear it.
...Is not what it once was.
Keep singing.
[call ringing]
Who are you calling?
Hi. This is Dee.
Please let me know you called...
She's not answering.
It went... Dad. it went great.
Is this apple juice?
Yeah.
Why didn't you leave a message. Chase?
It looks so thick.
I'll call back.
Why didn't you leave a message?
Why does everything upset you?
[Lily chuckles]
Jesus...
Why didn't you leave a message?
When you call someone. that's the message.
They see that you called.
I'm only up to...
General Electric typewriters.
You are still living in 1954.
He'll say. "You have no respect for me."
and then it just goes on.
So it doesn't stop at
"You have no respect for me."
it keeps escalating and escalating.
till it's like an all-out battle.
and this is...
If you don't agree with him. or don't...
I mean. I've seen he and Chase interact...
Like. there's been a hundred battles.
Chase has moved out.
in one week. three times.
He was on the road again
back to L.A.
And you're pursuing your dream.
Something you always wanted to do.
You never told me that
you wanted to do this.
It's such a hard business.
I love it. though.
Look at the rejection you get.
You gotta find an agent.
gotta find a manager.
How long have I been here?
Pardon me?
11 days.
It feels like 20.
No. it's not 11 days.
You came last Sunday.
It hasn't been a week yet?
- No...
- What?
I know you wanna put...
Dad. let me do it.
I know you wanna put me in a...
Dad...
Let me do it!
You can't do it.
You wanna put me in the Louis Brier home.
[Lily]: I don't want
to put you there.
[scoffs]
Yeah. right.
You're a good cutter.
Thanks.
Lily. what's that?
Soup?
It's called gravy. Kenny.
I was 29 years old. I looked like you.
Maybe not.
Maybe...
Maybe I looked a little better.
Finish your food before you talk.
I'm just kidding.
So. what did you say
when they said you were too old?
Much like you say when you're almost 40.
What you said to me last night.
You said you want...
"Dad. I don't care
what you say..."
Tell me what you said.
It doesn't matter...
Look at Lily.
Lily knows there's...
Lily has been with me 25 years.
She's seen the ups...
and the downs.
Any ups?
The ups were tough.
There were a few disappointing moments
in having to be evicted.
All your energy is based on
trying to stay alive in this business.
You start...
No. you wear it.
You look good with it.
You say the first two.
then I say the first two...
No. just point when I should come in.
Okay. I'll point.
Okay...
And don't make any mistakes.
[starts piano playback]
[singing together]
♪ Yet you're my favorite work
♪ Of art...
[Chase]: I want to practice.
so I can eventually do
some kind of trio with my dad.
or even by myself before I leave.
So within the next week or two.
I wanna hire a trio.
do a few songs.
and maybe even get my dad up there
and do it with me.
[♪♪♪]
[singing together]
♪ Don't...
♪ Change your hair for me
[♪♪♪]
♪ Not if you...
♪ Care for me
♪ Stay
♪ Little valentine
♪ Stay...
You're such a good girl.
I've got a little bit of money
left to do all this.
It's slowly running out. though.
We gotta give it a shot. you know?
At least I've got Daisy.
[Kenny]:
What about me?
And Kenny. and Kenny.
More Daisy.
[chuckles]
Well. I had a friend of mine.
we've been friends for about six years.
and once or twice a year.
we would meet up.
and she called me a month later.
and said she's pregnant.
"So I'm gonna have this baby.
"You don't have to be a part of it.
it's up to you."
I didn't know what to do.
I was freaking out.
I was getting anxiety. you know.
You know. I've come from...
I've had four stepdads.
You know. I've had a dad
that was always on the road.
and I didn't want to have a kid this way.
So I'm gonna be a part of this kid's life
no matter what.
So two weeks ago.
I drove into Hermosa Beach.
It was late at night.
and I was all excited to meet her.
I pulled into the house. and I walked up.
and we just locked eyes.
and it was a magical moment.
My mom passed a few years ago from ALS.
By the fourth day.
I looked into the baby's eyes.
and when she smiles.
it looks just like my mom.
and I almost started crying.
It was just... it was just
the weirdest feeling.
and it was like...
there she was again.
and so right then and there.
I just fell in love.
Keri. the mother of your baby.
is... is going
to understand
that you have a girlfriend named Cody?
How-how are you going to juggle them then?
Why do I have to juggle anything?
Oh. vacancy!
"Pets welcome."
Let's write this down.
No. we should park here.
and go in. and knock on the door.
>Yeah. let's...
Tevie's one of the characters
of all time.
Well. I'm second.
Come on in.
I can't believe you guys know each other.
Just leave your shoes on.
What kind of work do you do?
Real estate.
I'm a Realtor.
but I'm coming here to sing
and get some tips from my pops.
Or are ya?
All right?
Come on in.
And I'll powerwash it.
Okay.
Tevie. what's the rent here?
$2.500. Cash!
Make it better than that.
No.
No. it's the...
It should be 3.
Hi!
Nice to see you.
I'm not staying.
Nice to see you. Kenny.
I'm going to let you have
my son all to yourself.
Oh. good.
Thank the Lord.
Have a great lesson.
We'll see you in an hour.
Love you.
All right.
Lovely.
See you later.
Chase. just take it easy.
I know. I know.
Ah. showbiz.
[♪♪♪]
♪ Pack up all my care and woe
♪ Here I go. singin' low
♪ Bye. bye. blackbird
♪ Where somebody waits for me
♪ Sugar's sweet. so is she
♪ Bye. bye. blackbird...
Well. we're going to plan B.
[laughs]
The money's getting low.
It was impossible to find
an apartment out here.
There was 99% occupancy.
and anything that was available.
they wouldn't allow dogs.
So I'm going to go back.
do some more real estate gigs.
save up some money.
so then I can find us
a place in Palm Springs.
Keep saving money.
so you can take care of me.
Apparently. that's what I have to do.
When I become old.
When I get older. you can take care of me.
Last week?
Anyway. everything...
The Jewish expression is
it's "bashert."
Whatever's happening was meant to be.
It's not in the stars.
You're supposed to go back
and we're supposed to regroup.
and it'll be fine.
It'll work out.
It ain't over till it's over.
That's right.
We're still in it.
I got it. I got it.
The rest of the stuff is in the car?
You sure you want to leave now?
Dad. I have to.
I have to get back to Arizona.
You're driving.
I'll be fine.
In the rain.
Cars are made for the rain now.
Any chance
I can talk you into
staying one more night?
No.
Come on. I gotta...
I gotta go.
[♪♪♪]
♪ No one here can love
or understand me ♪
♪ Oh. what hard-luck stories
they all hand me ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Make my bed
and light the light ♪
♪ I'll be home late tonight
♪ Blackbird
here we go right now! ♪
♪ Yeah!
♪ Pack up all my care and woe
♪ Here I go. swingin' low
♪ Bye
♪ Bye. bye. blackbird
♪ Where somebody waits for me
♪ Sugar's sweet
and so is she ♪
♪ Bye. bye. blackbird
♪ No one here can love
♪ Or understand me
♪ Oh. what hard-luck stories
they all hand me ♪
♪ Make my bed
and light the light ♪
♪ I'll be home late tonight
♪ Blackbird ♪
♪ Bye-bye... ♪
[song ends]
Bye-bye.
[radio]: ...This afternoon.
we continue the warming trend.
107 by 3:00.
106 by 6:00.
and look at this.
we're still at 99 degrees...
All right. so I've got
a showing in 15 minutes.
This is one of my last listings.
You know. I do love real estate. and I...
I love closing the deals.
the negotiating. and...
and. you know. I love the new homes.
and the architecture. and...
But...
I love singing a lot more.
Getting that little taste in Vancouver
of singing. and...
and getting a little bit
of positive feedback.
it just lit my fire.
And the one thing that my dad
worries about the most
is me paying the bills.
You know. he...
I think. you know. he lived a life
where he struggled his whole life.
You know. he'd be rich six months.
and then he's broke six months.
So that's what he's worried about.
Am I going to be able to pay my bills?
And. uh. you know. that's scary.
but I just have a feeling
it's going to work out.
I really do.
I'm not really doing it for the money.
That's what life's about.
We're only here for a short time.
Take a chance.
If I fall. you know. I fall.
I'll get right back up.
[Kenny]: My happiest days
were when I was with my family.
and it was a unit.
We were together.
♪ You're nobody
♪ Till somebody loves you
♪ Till somebody cares...
[Kenny]: My grandfather.
he would come by me
when I was lying on the couch.
and he'd say. "Get up. you Goddamned Jew!
Get up! Get up!"
He didn't mean it that way.
He meant it affectionately.
"Get up. come on. come on!
We're going
in a horse and wagon."
They just wanted the best for you.
Every word out of their mouth
was. "For the kinder.
For the children."
Everything was for the children.
and I think that's what's wrong
with a lot of what's happening today.
♪ ...Stars above
♪ You're nobody ♪
♪ Till somebody
♪ Loves you
♪ Find yourself
somebody to love ♪
This was 1969.
I was in Acapulco.
singing my first gig at the Hilton Hotel.
I can see it right now. the dance floor.
so I'd look. and then I'd say. "Whew!
What a beauty."
and she was dancing with this guy.
and she was sitting down...
Much like the picture I showed you...
So that moment that I met her.
42 days later we were married.
♪ Somebody
♪ Right now...
[♪♪♪]
♪ You're nobody
till somebody loves you ♪
[song ends]
She had a beautiful figure.
She was 19 years old when I married her.
She already had a home in Westlake.
a villa that I could move into.
She had a car. a station wagon.
I always wanted that life.
But as it progressed along.
the five years of marriage to Kaysie.
jealousy crept in.
She was jealous of everything.
If I looked at a...
If I was singing to a girl.
she'd say.
"Why are you just staring?"
I said. "Lily...
Kaysie. I'm working."
I couldn't breathe.
She'd check my underwear.
she checked my...
my...
messages.
I needed someone more laid back.
And there was a girl. after that.
Eva.
We haven't introduced Eva.
Eva. on the other hand. was gorgeous.
ex-stripper from Denmark.
She...
I could come home anytime I want.
She never asked me
where I was or what I did.
"Are you okay?
Do you want a sandwich?"
She said you'd come home
with napkins and...
numbers. and...
She told you all that?
Lipstick marks on the napkins. and...
Yeah.
Smelling like. uh. perfume.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
That's what she told me.
I wasn't a very good cheater.
I-I'm ashamed to even
hear that from you. but I...
In reality. that's why I...
that's why I left your mother.
because I didn't want to be...
infidel...
I didn't want to cheat. you know?
Yeah.
I'm sorry that I didn't give
your mother more attention.
because all she wanted was to be loved.
and. uh...
Lily is the same way.
I-I didn't give her enough attention.
I just knew she was there for me.
♪ Every sound was music... ♪
The song is called "Joanna."
the woman in the video is Kaysie.
♪ Music that was laughter...
They we're married for five years.
one child.
He has never remarried.
♪ Laughter that was bright
♪ And gave out
♪ When Joanna left me...
I think that I didn't realize
what a wonderful family I had as a gift.
and then Chase was born.
and that was magnificent.
because he's...
As you see what he's like...
He's a fine young man.
and so she did a good job with him.
But Chase now. over the years.
I realize he wants to emulate his dad.
He wants to be me.
He wants to be...
I was a womanizer.
You know. he was such a player.
and he was the greatest wingman
that ever lived.
I remember I'd be. like. 14.
and he'd be singing.
and I'd be sitting there by myself.
and in the middle of a song.
he would say. "Uh.
excuse me. you. the blonde.
there's my kid.
Look. at 14. he's got my old body.
Go say hi to him."
So she would come over and sit.
and then we'd hit it off. and...
I don't know how many times he did that.
but I got so many women.
This ship was huge.
and it's 2:00 a.m.
I found this girl.
and there was this big circular couch.
and I took her to this couch.
and we start making out.
and I hear all this moaning going on.
and I'm like.
"What the hell is that?"
So. I turn around.
and there's the other side of the couch.
and there's my dad
making out with some chick.
We found the same spot. at the same time.
on the cruise ship.
It was pretty funny.
[chuckling]
So my dad would have
these 4:00 a.m. conquests.
and he always told me.
he was that guy at the end of the bar.
trying to get laid.
and how lonely his life was.
He would have loved
to have lived that life
with someone else that he loved.
You know. it was a lonely life
for my dad. I think.
and he's admitted it.
He said of all the thousands
of women. literally.
he can't remember six names.
And I believe him.
[interviewer]: What's
the hardest thing as a kid?
Just always saying goodbye.
You know. he was my...
my everything. my idol.
and he was just always on the road.
so it was just so hard growing up.
and I had to deal with my stepdads.
who I couldn't stand.
and. um. it was just hard not seeing him.
Well. he chose his career
over us. basically.
and he always regretted that.
[♪♪♪]
♪ There's no people
like show people ♪
♪ They smile
when they are low ♪
♪ Yesterday. they told you
you would not go far ♪
♪ That night you open
and there you are ♪
♪ Next day
on your dressing room ♪
♪ They've hung a star
♪ Let's go
♪ On with the show!
Cheers. honey.
You're so cute.
[sighing]
I mean. the thought of...
about you first saying
that you're moving there.
without me. without saying anything.
all this. you know. hard time.
like. how are you gonna
not have anyone there for you?
Well. I'll have Daisy.
No. I'm saying like. for me.
Oh. for you?
Yeah. for me to be there for you. like...
I think you're going to be just fine.
No. but I'm saying for you. like.
to be there during your struggle.
and for you to be giving you support.
I'm going to need you there with me.
You're going to have days
where you're going to come home
and. like. kick the wall in.
You know? Maybe.
Yeah.
You're really good
with rejection. I'm not.
No...
Do you wanna live in Vancouver?
I mean. have you been...
I felt Chase when I was there.
Like. your rawness. and you.
I love it there.
Like. without all this
distractions and stuff.
Daisy couldn't live without me. could you?
Somebody has to take care of Daisy.
I know. but your plan
changes all the time.
I know.
And so it's hard
to like...
Not to be rude. or to sound bad...
But trust. you know.
what you say is going to happen
as a following-through. solid plan.
because nothing's been solid.
I've been all over the map.
I didn't know...
L.A..
stay in Scottsdale. real estate...
I know.
Should I really do this?
This is crazy.
And then all of a sudden. just...
I just had. like. a feeling. an epiphany.
I'm like. "This is it."
Mm-hmm...
Go for it.
Hey!
Cecile.
Hi. Kenny!
I'm here for my lesson.
Good to see ya. good to see ya!
Good. good.
I-I don't have Chase here.
You have to deal with the old man.
That's great.
If you stop singing. you have no chance.
but with singing you can do a lot.
I've been dead for three years.
Come on. yeah. don't let that happen.
you gotta sing.
This is a good place to start. okay?
Make it easy.
[starts background music]
Sing along. Kenny!
I sang my... No. I can't sing.
I sang my heart out.
Sing along.
No. no. I never...
Have-have fun.
I could never hit those notes.
Ah...
Those notes are somewhere in history.
Remember what you did last week?
You did. you hit the notes.
♪ Feelings...
[reverb echoing]
♪ Nothing more than feelings
[Kenny]: I was thinking...
You know. again. I'm resilient.
I'm going to sing again.
[jazz trio playing]
[♪♪♪]
♪ Yeah
Welcome and thanks so much for coming
to this wonderful performance.
a vintage performance.
by Kenny Colman.
[applause]
Kenny. no complaints.
[♪♪♪]
♪ Just remember
♪ I'll still want you
♪ In case you wonder why
♪ Well. just wake up!
[♪♪♪]
♪ Come on. wake up!
♪ Wake up. baby
♪ You got to
kiss it good... goodbye ♪
♪ Goodbye
[♪♪♪]
[scat singing]
♪ Goodbye!
[♪♪♪]
[audience cheers]
Whoo! Come on!
♪ Goodbye!
[song ends]
[applause and cheers]
Oh. whoa...
Not easy.
Is this the stairway to heaven?
Wow.
Move the old legs. Kenny.
Okay. here we go.
Careful. Kenny!
Kenny! Kenny!
[heavy thud]
Shit!
I was going to go back
a couple months ago.
but things happened. and...
and so things were put
on hold for a while.
but I think he's doing a lot better.
I've got things in order.
We've got a trio waiting for me.
some studio space.
and I think we're all ready.
I'm going to be
leaving tomorrow on a plane
heading to Vancouver.
One more piece?
Up!
[laughs]
You want this?
You want it?
Okay. you can have it.
I'm going to miss you.
You just want the chicken.
that's all you care about?
[Chase]:
So I've always had a job.
I've always had good money.
and so now.
I've never had to be...
live this frugal
and watch what I'm eating.
and. you know.
rent out my place sometimes.
sleep on a friend's couch.
and I've never gone through this.
but I guess it's all part of the process.
but I know the end result.
it'll be worth it.
Today. it's 76 degrees.
and I just looked it up in my phone.
it's snowing in Vancouver.
I haven't been in snow
for. like. 10 years.
This is going to be. like.
a culture shock to me.
So I'm going from 76
to. I think it was 34
last night in Vancouver.
Oh. my God. it's going to be crazy.
Can't believe I'm doing this.
♪ Fly me to the moon
♪ Let me play among the stars
♪ Let me see
what spring is like ♪
♪ On Jupiter and Mars
♪ In other words
♪ Hold my hand
♪ Baby. kiss me
[♪♪♪]
♪ Fill my heart with song
♪ And let me sing forever more
♪ You are all I long for
♪ All I worship and I adore
♪ In other words
♪ Please be true...
Take care of Daisy.
Yeah. we'll have fun.
Daisy. no. you're in good hands.
Don't worry about it.
you're in good hands.
Daisy. we'll have a good time.
["Fly Me To The Moon" resumes]
♪ Jump! Jump! Jump!
[♪♪♪]
[scat singing]
♪ Why don't you
fill my heart with song... ♪
[Chase]: I can't believe
he's in an old folks home.
You know. he always said to me.
"No matter what happens.
"kill me before I go to an old folks home.
Do not put me in there."
Now he's in there. and he's miserable.
You know. he still feels like
he's got life and he's young.
and doesn't think he belongs there.
97?
97...
97. right?
Dad? Dad?
[chuckling fondly]
Hey. Pops.
How you doin'?
You look good.
[chuckling]
That's my shirt. those are my jeans.
you look good.
[chuckling]
That's my shirt. those are my jeans.
and my shoes.
And I made you.
[chuckling] I know.
Why'd you get so skinny. what's going on?
I missed you.
[crying]
I got your long hair.
I missed you.
Are you okay?
Why did you get so skinny?
What's going on?
You look great.
You look like me.
[chuckles]
I've got your long hair.
Are you okay?
I gotta give it a shot.
You had to get it off your chest.
You wanna do it?
So just do the best you can.
and the rest is up to you.
All you're doing
is preparing yourself to sing.
When you can sing.
the hard work is getting the gigs.
I know.
You're walking pretty good.
Careful.
No. I can. I can walk.
if I concentrate.
But this gives me...
Oh. my God.
Look at those eyes and those cheeks.
She...
[chuckling]
She is beautiful.
Look at those lips.
She looks like you.
I'll show you another one.
She's beautiful.
Ah...
Fantastic.
How is she going to clean that. Dad?
She-she...
It's her job.
Okay...
There we go. there we go.
I'm like a baby.
Like a baby. okay.
Just a little baby.
[laughs]
Listen. after you read this...
You want me to read it?
...You've got to say. "in bed."
"In bed."
That's the way you've got to do it.
Ready?
Can you see that?
No.
"Your senior years
will be happy
and successful..."
"In bed."
That's a joke.
So that's a joke?
It didn't say that. did it?
It wasn't a great joke. but it's a joke.
What does it say?
"You're ha...
"Your... your senior years
will be happy
and successful."
What does this mean?
"In bed."
Well. could you?
Okay. now we'll look at mine.
"Concentrate on financial matters
until the end
of the month..."
In bed.
Is this a joke. or...
Dad. it's not a great joke.
I didn't say it was going
to be a great joke. okay?
In bed.
Whatever. you don't get it.
Just forget it.
Okay. you ready?
That was really great.
Want one of these?
Let me try some.
Next month.
we've arranged for Kenny and Chase
to do a show together at the XY Club.
So it's going to be Chase's debut.
I mean. audiences will come
to see Kenny. of course.
but they're going to discover Chase.
George. I finally get to meet you.
Finally.
Nice to meet you.
Chase. this is George.
You got it?
[playing accompaniment]
You got to raise this up.
Is it good?
Key's okay?
Yeah. perfect.
[playing "Funny Valentine"]
Chase Colman...
♪ Don't change
your hair for me ♪
♪ Not if you care for me
♪ Smile. little Valentine
♪ Stay...
I forgot the words.
[chuckling]
Well. it doesn't matter.
'cause how do I look?
You look good.
♪ My funny Valentine
Just do it.
♪ My funny Valentine.
But do it like this...
♪ My funny Valen...
Dad. I don't want to do it like that.
That's not how I hear it in my head.
Just go ahead.
Just take it again.
Dad. honestly.
can you do me a favour?
Can you just give me 30 minutes
just of me and him playing.
and you sit on the couch?
Please. I can't do this.
You're in my head. Dad.
I'm sorry.
You're on your own. man.
I'm not on my own.
just give me 30 minutes...
You're on your own.
I'm not coming up here again.
Why'd you get upset?
Because I'm trying to tell you what to do.
When you do the first chorus.
the second chorus is the swing chorus.
you gave it to him.
You take it.
No. he was doing a solo.
then I come and swing it.
♪ Are you smiling?
♪ Don't...
Mm-hmm.
♪ Don't change...
[♪♪♪]
Why am I crying?
Sing it. Sing it.
♪ S-Stay
♪ Little Valentine
♪ Stay...
[♪♪♪]
♪ Each day is Valentine's...
♪ ...Day
[piano flourish]
[♪♪♪]
[song ends]
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
I don't know why I cried.
That's what it's all about.
[Chase]: When I was
playing tee-ball.
or baseball or whatever.
I'd hit a home run.
and I'd come in.
waiting to be. you know.
congratulated and hugged.
and he'd say. "Good hit.
but you pulled your shoulder
out of the way."
and you know. "It was a bad swing."
and it was never good enough for him.
When I try to deviate. and be myself.
you know. he wants me to be like him.
and that's... that's hard.
and I have to take him aside.
and say. "Dad. I'm not
going to sound like you.
I'm not going to be like you.
and I can't be like you.
and I can't sound like you."
[piano accompanist plays
"My Funny Valentine"]
[♪♪♪]
♪ My...
♪ Funny Valentine
♪ Sweet
♪ Comic Valentine
♪ You make me smile
♪ With my heart
[♪♪♪]
♪ Your looks are laughable
♪ Unphotographable
♪ Yet you're my favourite...
See. I'm just so used to
doing it the one way.
Can we start over?
See. I was going...
♪ Yet you're my favourite
work of art... ♪
[playing notes]
But you're saying I shouldn't go high.
♪ You're my fav...
[searching for pitch]
♪ Your looks are...
At least now.
I'm hearing when I'm off-key.
and it's just.
it's like grinding in my head.
every key that I miss.
And so. and I'm...
You know. I'm so into sports.
I feel like I'm just having a bad game.
and I can't make that shot.
and it just drives me crazy.
But. um. I'm getting better each day.
It's getting a little...
I'm getting a little bit better.
so. by. like. 2020.
I should be pretty good.
[chuckles]
We could do a song
together. too. you know.
Yeah.
"My Funny Valentine" we could do together.
Okay.
Every bit of singing
you can get in front of people
is right.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You're just doing it for fun.
It's just. you realize
it's the most terrifying
thing in the world.
Why... why do you make that face?
Do you realize how terrifying it is
for most people to get up
on stage and sing?
But... but they do it because they love it.
They wanna do it. they have fun.
What's this?
Dad...
- Closed or open?
- It's closed.
- I wanna...
- Come on. Dad.
Dad. it's for insurance.
You don't need insurance.
What the heck are you doing?
[Kenny]: Is. uh. the girl
that used to own...
Own the travel agency.
is this her...
Dad! Dad!
Let's eat first and then we'll go.
I wanna...
They want to meet us for food right now.
They're meeting us.
I want to go right now.
Is Ninette here?
She's still here.
I'm still here.
Is that Ninette?
Wouldn't that be better
if you died when you thought
you were dying?
Never grateful.
You remember that?
Of course!
That's a funny line.
I know!
So who wants to be like this. right?
In Monte Carlo.
What did I...?
You wrote something on the back.
I don't even...
I didn't look. see?
The number Amor...
"Amor. Amor."
With 20 girls.
Oh. yeah. this was...
♪ Amor. Amor
That one you were singing. yeah.
"I want you.
Call me later."
I want you.
Call me later?
I'm just kidding.
[laughter]
[♪♪♪]
♪ Amor! Amor!
♪ When you're away
♪ There is no day
♪ And nights are lonely
♪ Amor! Amor!
♪ Yeah. I want more!
♪ Make life divine
♪ Say you'll be mine
♪ And love me only
[♪♪♪]
♪ Hey!
You've got your schmuck
involved in the song.
The broads are looking at your body.
They're going to look at
every part of your body.
You're going to walk across the stage...
♪ Something in the way...
One. two. three.
[♪♪♪]
♪ Something in the way
something in the way... ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Something in the way
she moves... ♪
That's how you gotta sing this.
If you sing this song...
No. I don't want to hear you sing it. Dad.
That's going to screw me up.
Didn't we agree you'd listen to me. Chase?
Yes. sir.
Whatever you'd like. sir.
Now you're being condescending to me.
Slightly.
What's it called again?
"Why Should I Care?"
Who sings it?
I do.
[laughs]
Silly question.
♪ In other words
Chase. Roger.
♪ Hold my hand...
I know you want to get this on tape.
but. you see...
What. Dad. what?
What's wrong?
You got off the notes.
You have to know the tune.
You have to learn the tune.
You have to fall in love with the song.
and you have to interpret it
any way you want.
That's what I...
When I go on stage. the trios...
You gotta fall in love with the song.
You're talking. but you're not listening.
And it... No. it shows. man...
You're talking. and you're not listening.
Then when I had my first gig.
Sarah Vaughan's husband.
who introduced me to Muhammad Ali...
The boxer Muhammad Ali?
No. the schmatta. the tailor.
[laughing]
Oh. man. I thought you meant the boxer.
I was tripping out there for a second.
The boxer.
I'm looking for answers right now...
Google me up.
When I went to...
- "Google me up."
♪ Something in the way
♪ Something
in the way she moves... ♪
No. no. no. no. that's too thin.
Dad. I have a thin voice.
I don't have this low. husky...
Here we go again!
Here we go again.
Un-fucking believable.
Just listen to me.
But okay. just. I'm not
going to do your voice.
I'll listen to everything else.
Oh. God almighty.
Go. I'm listening.
♪ Something in the way
Something in the way ♪
♪ Something in the way...
♪ She moves...
You're not doing it.
[laughs] Why are you getting upset?
Because I was just about to do it
and you did it.
Okay. Do it again.
♪ Something in the way...
♪ She moves...
Fuck off. Chase.
[laughing]
Just kidding.
Okay. go ahead.
Why don't you just become a barber?
Well. I would like to...
keep the apartment. and...
If you lived here.
you could help. you know?
Yeah.
I don't think I could
live with you. though.
We'd want to murder each other.
I'd give it two weeks.
Two minutes.
Hey. can I have a catch?
Can I have one catch?
Can you catch it. Dad?
Yeah.
Okay.
Throw it.
Go ahead.
He'll do it.
Oh...
Oh. you have to catch the ball?
Whoa!
Almost.
Are you a movie star?
No. Can I be?
[laughs]
Y-You're on.
Okay. Fabulous.
He says there's food back here...
Now. here's the prize.
You-you win this prize if you...
Oh. great.
...if you pick
the right number.
Okay.
Come on. Dad. let's go.
[laughs]
Why are you telling me...
Is he bothering you?
[laughing]
No. not at all.
Why are you telling me to go?
We're looking for something.
I thought you were hungry.
Well. I'm looking for food
that's what this...
Okay. fine. go ahead.
[laughing]
Geez.
What is this?
This is stuff you have to cook.
Give me a break.
He drives me crazy.
I got you.
Jesus Christ.
We got it.
I'm cool.
There's your stairway to heaven.
Wow.
Yeah. Okay.
awesome.
Have a good day!
Thank you. Dale!
Thanks.
Happy Hanukkah!
[chuckles]
Food. frozen food.
Did I get ice cream?
I forgot to get ice cream.
We got you ice cream.
Better hurry up and plug it in.
I got you ice cream.
You needed this so badly.
Okay.
I needed my health.
You got your health.
You're doing okay.
Well. Chase. that's all the scotch.
I drank too much scotch.
Smoked too much weed.
I'm going to cry.
[chuckles]
You like it?
Now we got to put some meat on your bones.
Right. we got to load it up now.
You ready?
This is the fun part.
Turn the ice cream facing me.
You want to see it?
Yeah.
Be reminded every time?
I love you.
You've got to keep eating. okay?
All right?
♪ Besame
♪ Besame mucho
[saxophone plays]
♪ Como si fuera esta noche
♪ La última vez
You're staying stationary
so your voice is...
When I sing it. and Bublé or Frank.
it's the expression they give.
So do this.
Just excruci...
It's the worst pain
I've ever had in my life.
So it's hard to. like.
get into anything right now.
But I'll try it.
I'll try it.
How did you do this with your leg?
What happened?
I was playing basketball.
and I reached over for the ball.
and I just...
Something. I felt something snap.
something in my lower back.
and now my whole leg
is just shooting pain.
I can't even put pressure on it.
[♪♪♪]
[saxophone solo plays]
Take five break real quick.
You... you're like...
[saxophone player
noodling "Take Five" melody]
[slams door]
Yeah. give him ice cream. he's diabetic.
That's smart.
Chase. what are you-what are you...
Chase. what are you mad at?
Dad. I can't fake it.
When I'm up there. I will feel it.
and I will make a move.
Right now I'm in pain. and I'm sedated.
and I'm not feeling like
moving around like that.
But. Chase. I just...
I don't fake it.
I'm not you. Dad!
Chase. I was only telling you...
I'm not you. Dad.
I was only telling you how to do it.
But I don't do you.
I don't wanna do all this stuff.
I will feel it. and I will make...
But I don't want to do your movements...
Can I ask you a question?
Especially right now
when I'm in fucking pain. Dad!
Chase. why did you take the pills?
You're not supposed to do that.
It's a frickin' over the counter pill!
But remember we talked about that.
When I tell you something.
you should just keep your mouth shut.
and take it. and absorb...
Take what's good that I give you
that you can use.
I don't ask you to do me. you can't do me.
It took me years to be me.
Can I learn the songs
and then start maybe moving and feeling?
I'm scared about not even
knowing the lyrics.
I don't even know the songs.
I don't even know
what songs we're playing.
and it's two days away. Dad...
Every artist is nervous
before they go on stage.
I was nervous when I did
the Johnny Carson. Merv Griffin.
Mike Douglas. Midnight Special. Lou Rawls.
I was nervous...
Dad. can you please give me
your resume one more time
because I really haven't heard it.
You're putting me down.
Yeah. I'm putting you down.
You're disrespectful.
You're being disrespectful to me.
I'm trying to tell you
that you can learn from me.
Dad. I listen to you all the time.
Okay. I know you do.
Okay. what do you want?
What's the next one?
Tom Jones?
You want to lean into it?
I'm not even...
I just. I don't know.
Well. which one?
I don't think we should even do this.
What?
[stammers]
You knocked them out the other day.
I'm going to look like a fucking idiot.
That's what I'm going to look like.
I'm going to look like an idiot.
I'm a gimp idiot.
I can't even move.
[Kenny. on phone]:
What did you say?
I said. when I was
unloading the groceries.
you were holding onto the walker.
Yeah.
So then how did you...
You just fell over backwards?
I... I don't know.
I'm trying to figure it out.
I just. I must have taken
my hands off the walker
for a second.
and I lost my balance.
When you saw the X-rays. did you...
So there's no break or anything. right?
You're okay?
He looked at them.
and said there's no damage.
I just fell. and it was bruised.
Pops?
It's the worst...
Chase!
Hey. hey.
Is that you?
Yeah.
[groans]
Does it hurt?
Every little...
It's the worst excruciating pain.
I can't believe. if you had that...
What I have.
Now you have more empathy.
Now you have a better understanding
of what he went through.
It was the worst pain I've ever had.
I know exactly what you're feeling.
To do a normal routine
of going into a chair.
and standing up.
and grabbing the mic.
and start singing...
Well. you don't have to stand up.
You can't do it.
Sit down. Chase.
Ow!
Believe me.
it would be dramatic and wonderful
if I could.
after what you see.
for me to...
Sure.
...get up and sing with you.
I could do it
if I could get up and avoid the pain.
So the only other thing we can do
is get the nurse to give me another pill.
and try after the pill.
Okay. but I always had my best games
when you were there.
Well. baby.
I ain't gonna be around much longer.
I gotta get going.
You'll do it. Chase.
Give me a hug.
Okay.
And you'll-you'll make it happen.
[wincing]
Oh. sorry.
I love ya.
Just take charge. all right?
Just try one more time. okay?
[laughing]
Get outta here.
You gotta be there.
And it's just excruciating.
so I said.
"Are you going to make it?"
And he said. "No."
He couldn't.
He's not gonna make it?
He's not going to come?
Oh. man.
Is he going to be okay
for tomorrow. you think?
No. He's not
going to come.
He's not going to make it tomorrow either?
He's not even coming.
He's in pain.
Holy smoke. man.
Nothing we can do.
So it's just Don and us.
[♪♪♪]
♪ Could be
♪ Who knows?
♪ There's something due any day
I will know. right away ♪
♪ Soon as it shows
[♪♪♪]
♪ Come on. something
come on in! ♪
♪ Don't be shy. meet a guy
pull up a chair ♪
♪ The air is humming
♪ Something great is coming
♪ Who knows?
[Chase sighing heavily]
Do I have to do this?
I feel like puking.
So. we have a new
rocking band with us now.
Are you guys ready to be introduced.
with a little sizzle?
We're going to bring on
the headliner of the evening.
and this is the group
backing up tonight's headliner.
a new talent on the scene.
a romantic new leading man.
a balladeer
in the middle of a blossoming.
son of Vancouver's favourite.
Kenny Colman.
and a new voice.
sound.
on the music scene.
Ladies and gentlemen. Chase Colman!
[cheers and applause]
[♪♪♪]
Chase Colman!
[crowd cheering]
[♪♪♪]
♪ Captain Smith
and Pocahontas ♪
♪ Had a very mad affair
♪ When her daddy
tried to kill him ♪
♪ She said. "Daddy
oh. don't you dare ♪"
♪ He gives me fever
♪ With his kisses
♪ Fever when
he holds me tight ♪
♪ Fever!
♪ I'm his missus
♪ Daddy. won't you
treat him right ♪
♪ Go!
[saxophone solo]
[♪♪♪]
[crowd cheering]
♪ Besame
♪ Besame mucho
♪ Como si fuera ésta noche
la última vez ♪
♪ Oh. besame
♪ Besame mucho
♪ Hold me. my darling
♪ And say that you'll always
be mine ♪
♪ Hold me. my darling
♪ And say that you'll always
be mine ♪
♪ Hold me. my darling
♪ And say that
you'll always be... ♪
♪ Mine
[song ends]
[cheering and applause]
Whoo!
My man.
My brother.
Thank you so much for everything.
That was real. man.
That was nice.
Had everybody in the palm
of your hand. and me.
So it was great. man.
I loved it.
I could hear your voice
when I was up there like.
"It's your night. it's your band."
You control that.
you tell them what to do.
You're preaching.
"it's your gospel."
I was like hearing you in my head.
Oh. nice. man.
I felt so relaxed. and I thought. "Okay.
All this is going to work.
Chase is going to have
a singing career."
You felt it. too. didn't you?
Oh. yeah.
♪ The air is humming
♪ Something great is coming
♪ Who knows?
♪ It's only just out of reach
♪ Down the block. on a beach
♪ Maybe tonight
♪ Somewhere. maybe tonight...
[♪♪♪]
[audience applauding]
Hey. Pops.
Yo.
How are you doing?
That isn't quite what you called me
earlier on the phone.
Do you remember what you called me?
No. Do you remember
what you called me?
All right. you hungry?
I'm in deep pain.
Did you try to get in a wheelchair?
Just know that if I could've been there...
I know.
I would've been there.
[playback of Chase's concert]
♪ Besame mucho...
You sing with a lot of feeling.
There's a lot of singers
who would just sing.
and they don't sing with feeling.
I got that from you.
Well. that's what it's all about.
♪ Besame...
You worked hard.
and you'll reap the rewards
of the respect
that you're getting from people
because...
you're a singer now.
You can do it.
You'll be able to work
in cruise ships with. um...
I don't want to work cruise ships.
Oh. oh. you don't want
to work cruise ships?
You'll wanna work anywhere you can.
You wanna work anywhere you can.
What do you mean you don't wanna work...
Are you getting mad at me?
Wh-What did you say?
Nothing. forget it.
I just said. when you said...
Okay. fine. yes. I'll work anywhere.
[concert playback continues]
When you were singing.
did you think.
"Why didn't I kick it off
a little faster?"
Or were you happy with that tempo?
When you heard it right away.
I was happy with that.
You were? Okay.
Yeah.
You couldn't get 'em to like...
Do you want to hear it or not?
I'm listening and talking.
no problem.
♪ ...By passing day
you're not a thought of... ♪
That was good.
Try to. try to listen to the whole thing
without saying. then critique...
I want to talk!
And-and the...
I think you did a great job.
No. you don't.
and you had a lot of guts to go out there.
And I think that...
What kind of reaction
did you get from the club?
It was pretty good. I don't remember.
Let me see. that was the last song. right?
Yeah.
Let me hear it. let me hear the ending.
And I said.
"What did you think?"
You said. "You did good.
I heard you did good."
And I said.
"What'd you hear?"
You said. "You know. what you did."
"Can you come over
and bring me
some burgers and fries?"
So you really don't give a shit.
Yeah. that's right.
I don't give a shit.
I just don't even want to film anymore.
I don't.
You're pulling this off at the wrong time.
[bangs door]
Oh. my God.
He slammed the door?
His temper's going to do him in.
He loves to sing. so...
But he loves to sing. so...
[footsteps approach]
All right...
Dad. I gotta catch a plane. so...
Okay. I'll see ya.
Do you want me to make you
some food before I go...
When are you catching a plane?
I have to
wake up at 5:00 a.m.
Oh. so you have to catch a plane tomorrow?
Yeah.
Oh.
You didn't spend any time with me at all.
I didn't spend any time?
I picked you up every day.
What are you talking about?
Hmm...
So after I just told you
what you did hurt me.
you come back with another insult?
Well. how did I hurt you. Chase?
'Cause you know that I've waited 40 years
for you to say. "You know what. Chase.
you can do this.
You sounded great. kid.
Great job."
Is that so fucking hard?
I don't like the way you talk to me.
I think...
You think about it.
You have to leave.
So. I think you should go.
You did a very good job.
The comments were all great.
So I'm very happy that you...
But as far as you and I.
me trying to help you sing.
I don't want to help you.
You'll do it yourself.
Whenever you want to ask me for some help.
give me a call.
and I'll give you my opinion.
If you don't like my opinion.
don't call me.
Otherwise. just call me if it's socially.
We lost a lot.
Don't you want me
to tell you what I think?
Isn't that what it's all about?
Yeah. what did you think?
I think you sang out of tune.
Okay. got it.
All right. I love you...
Not a lot. just a...
Okay. I got it.
I love you. and. uh...
Okay. so. "I love you.
How are you?"
So we're finished talking?
Yeah. we're finished talking.
I'll talk to you later.
Remember. when you walk out this door...
What. Dad?
Remember what?
Just remember all the things I told you.
Have a good trip.
Thanks.
You know what you always said to me?
"We never walk away mad.
We never go to sleep mad."
Did I say that?
Yeah. you said that.
Dad. Dad...
I've got to get going soon.
I'm not leaving as... on a fight.
so...
what do you have to say?
I'm trying to figure out who was there
to get you on...
You see all these things?
I didn't do that.
[sighs] We'll talk about that later.
I'm trying to tell you.
I wanna know if anybody reviewed...
I'm too pissed off to talk
about who was there.
Forget about last night.
I'm over it.
[scoffs]
Let's just talk about you and me.
Well...
You did great.
Was the lighting different.
or the sound?
100% better.
Oh yeah. oh yeah. Marie said
you were holding the mic
in front of your face.
and I showed you...
Okay. enough.
I got it. I got it.
What's wrong with you?
I got it.
I just said I'm leaving.
I'm trying to tell you something.
Okay.
How do you expect to make it?
I told you. remember I told you?
Don't put the mic in front of your...
Okay. Okay.
I've made a note.
It's in my head. I got it.
You see?
You go like...
Take it.
I wasn't... I had the mic that stands.
you know. like. the old Elvis mics?
Yeah. she said...
How do I not have it in my face?
You have to talk right here.
No. you go like...
Give me my mic.
It's a mic that you can't
move around. it's standing...
Yes. you can!
Give me my mic in the top drawer...
Dad. I'm so...
All right. go.
I got to catch a plane!
I love you.
Yeah.
I hate you. but I love you.
Let me give you...
There's a book on Sinatra.
I've got plenty of books.
There's a book on the cupboard.
go take it.
Take it on the plane.
You gave me a book last time.
and I haven't read it.
Chase. please. let me just give you this.
Dad. I have so much in my suitcase...
Just take the book.
I want to show you something.
No. I'm not going to take it.
Why not?
I want you to take the book!
Just take the book. Chase.
What's wrong with you?
Take a fucking look... Look at the book!
I'll take the book.
It's right there. Chase!
What's wrong with you?
Where?
On the other side.
Where is it?
A picture of Frank Sinatra
on the right.
On the right...
leaning.
It's against the wall.
It's a picture of Frank Sinatra.
a Vanity Fair.
I don't see any book.
Keep looking.
In the back?
Vanity Fair. Let me see.
It's there.
Oh. Vanity Fair?
Yeah. let me see it.
Okay. now open it.
What do you see on the cover?
Let me see. let me see.
What are you trying to show me?
Show you your mic.
I know what my mic looks like.
Take a minute.
Almost there.
What does she look like?
I don't know. Dad.
I wasn't paying attention.
[scoffs]
She was incredible. incredible.
Well. this is...
the Rat Pack.
Do you want to take this
on the plane with you?
Okay.
I'll find it when I take it on the plane.
Would you enjoy that reading on the plane?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
You better be.
Call you when I get... when I land.
Read the reviews.
Okay. I will. The reviews
that I've read 30 times.
Okay. so...
Thank the guys. Chase.
I will.
I love you.
I love you. too. son.
[♪♪♪]
♪ Blackbird. blackbird
♪ Singing the blues all day
♪ Right outside my door
♪ Blackbird. blackbird
♪ Why do you sit and stare?
♪ There really isn't
any sunshine in store ♪
♪ All through the winter
you hung around ♪
♪ Makes me kind of feel
homeward bound ♪
♪ Blackbird. blackbird
♪ Gotta be on my way
♪ Where there's
sunshine galore ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Pack up
all my care and woes ♪
♪ Here I go. singin' low
♪ Bye. bye...
I'll see you around. Pops.
[jazz music playing]
[♪♪♪]
Chase Colman. please. on the stage.
♪ ...Blackbird!
♪ Where somebody
waits for me ♪
♪ Sugar's sweet
♪ And so is she
♪ Bye. bye. blackbird
♪ No one here can love
or understand me ♪
♪ Oh. what hard-luck stories
they all hand me ♪
♪ Make my bed
and light the lights ♪
♪ I'll be home late tonight
♪ Blackbird
♪ Bye-bye
[♪♪♪]
♪ Besame
♪ Besame mucho
♪ Que tengo miedo a perderte
♪ Perderte después
♪ Quiero tenerte muy cerca
♪ Mirarme en tus ojos
verte junto a mi ♪
♪ Piensa que tal vez mañana
♪ Yo ya estaré lejos
muy lejos de ti ♪
♪ Besame
♪ Besame mucho...